THE ADVENTURES OF SUPERDOGE - STORY

Fandoms included: MLP, Doge, LoZ, TF2, Minecraft, Bleach
EoH: honesty, loyalty, generosity, laughter, kindness, magicks

Doge was a soul reaper living in Equestria, when Celestia found the bag of Tirek and turned evil.
After fighting his way through a Ponyville filled with brainwashed royal guards, he finds out from a dying mare Celestia has mentally enslaved everypony, including the EoH and sister/Discord.
Doge figures out the only way to solve this was to find the EoH (objects).
He sets out on an epic quest to retrieve them through 6 areas and fight the corrupted element bearers: Crystal Empire, Everfree Castle, Manehattan, Cloudsdale/Rainbow Factory, Appleloosa, and Badlands.
Doge confronts Celestia in Ponyville and fights her, but his unreleased zanpakuto and the drained-of-friendship elements were not nearly enough to defeat her.
Badly injured, Doge is found and revived by his longtime friend and the Sage of Humans Lyra Heartstrings, one of the few ponies who have not been converted.
She tells him that the only way to defeat Celly was to use the EoH as keys which opened portals to new dimensions; these portals were found in the EoH's (ponies) former houses.
As Doge prepares to leave, the new Nightmare Moon arrives and brutally kills Lyra; Doge rids Luna of NM, but wants revenge.
Doge spares her life, showing kindness; he uses that element to unlock a chest in Fluttershy's house containing Lyra's harp, and utilizes that harp to unlock the portals (like LoZ SS)
First fandom: Doge arrives in Minecraftia and meets Steve. He tells Steve that he needs a powerful magical artifact; Steve tells him of the Golden Apple.
Doge and Steve adventure through the Temple of Notch to find the artifact; along the way, they form a friendship of honesty and kill Herobrine.
Go back to Ponyville
Second fandom: Doge arrives in Hyrule and helps swordless Link travel through Hyrule Castle to defeat Ganon, forming a friendship based on generosity and kill Ganon; Zelda gives Doge the Triforce.
Doge achieves Shikai and learns that his zanpakuto is actually the pixelated master sword.
Go back to Ponyville
Third fandom: Doge arrives in some mvm map and helps the 9 mercenaries defeat Gray Mann in his HQ, forming a friendship based on schadenfreuding at corpses (laughter); Gaben gives Doge the Valve Rocket Launcher.
Doge achieves Pankai and learns his zanpakuto is the holy Golden Frying Pan.
Go back to Ponyville
Fourth fandom: Doge arrives in Hueco Mundo and helps get hime-chan out of Las Noches, forming a frienship based based on loyalty with Ichigo and killing Aizen; he obtains the Hogyoku.
Go back to Ponyville
Doge discovers that friendships are the key to obtaining magic, and that the final element is within his heart. He uses the artifacts he got to enter his inner world and defeats his inner hollow (everything bad about him and all his fears)
Final dungeon: Doge conquers Canterlot Castle and frees Discord/the EoH ponies. They help him get to the throne room, where evil Celly is waiting.
Final boss battle:
Celestia summons wild animals to attack Doge, but Doge uses harp to show them kindness.
Celestia attempts to seperate the very atoms of Doge's body, but Doge fuses with the Hogyoku to hold himself together.
Celestia uses a giant laser solar death ray, but Doge regens it out using the Golden Apple.
Celestia sends planets and black holes hurtling towards Doge, but he destroys them using the Valve Rocket Launcher.
Celestia uses god-tier magic to manipulate the fabric of reality, but Doge uses the Triforce to set things right.
Finally out of options, Celestia and Doge engage in a sword/pan fight. Celestia gains the upper hand, but Doge remembers that his friends are counting on him, and turns the tide, hollowfies, and decapacitates Celestia Macbeth-style

THE END